README.md, before:

# [michaeluloth.com](https://www.michaeluloth.com)

This is the source code for my personal website.

## Project Structure

- The site is built in [React](https://reactjs.org) using [Gatsby](https://www.gatsbyjs.org). (If you're new to Gatsby, check it out! It's a game-changer.)
- The `CSS` is written using [styled-components](https://www.styled-components.com) to make it easy to avoid styling clashes, remove styles without unintended side effects, and automatically load only styles that are actually used
- The content is stored in `YAML` files in `src/data` (separated for easy updating)
- The site uses [GraphQL](https://graphql.org) to pull content from the `YAML` files into the relevant React components
- The blog is written using [MDX](https://mdxjs.com) to allow React components to be used in the posts

## Deployment

- The site is hosted on [Netlify](https://www.netlify.com) (free tier)
- When this repo changes, Netlify automatically builds a new version of the site
- The build process runs the GraphQL queries and generates optimized static assets (i.e. `HTML` + `JS` + images)
- The static files are deployed to Netlify's global CDN
- When a user visits the site, the static version loads first (for speed)
- The site then hydrates into a single-page React app

## Contributions

- Feel free to submit PRs!
- I'd happily accept changes that improve the site's [accessibility](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Accessibility)
- I also welcome updates that help make the blog posts more accurate and readable

Commit message:

✍️ add Gatsby Cloud to README

README.md, after:

# [michaeluloth.com](https://www.michaeluloth.com)

This is the source code for my personal website.

## Project Structure

- The site is built in [React](https://reactjs.org) using [Gatsby](https://www.gatsbyjs.org). (If you're new to Gatsby, check it out! It's a game-changer.)
- The `CSS` is written using [styled-components](https://www.styled-components.com) to make it easy to avoid styling clashes, remove styles without unintended side effects, and automatically load only styles that are actually used
- The content is stored in `YAML` files in `src/data` (separated for easy updating)
- The site uses [GraphQL](https://graphql.org) to pull content from the `YAML` files into the relevant React components
- The blog is written using [MDX](https://mdxjs.com) to allow React components to be used in the posts

## Deployment

- The site is built by [Gatsby Cloud](https://www.gatsbyjs.com) (free tier) and hosted by [Netlify](https://www.netlify.com) (free tier)
- When this repo changes, Gatsby Cloud automatically builds a new version of the site
- The build process runs the site's GraphQL queries and generates optimized static assets (i.e. `HTML` + `JS` + images)
- The static files are deployed to Netlify's global CDN
- When a user visits the site, the static version loads first (for a fast loading experience)
- The site then hydrates into a single-page React app

## Contributions

- Feel free to submit PRs!
- I'd happily accept changes that improve the site's [accessibility](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Accessibility)
- I also welcome updates that help make the blog posts more accurate and readable
